examples/formbot/data/nlufou.md, before:

## intent:affirm
- yeah a cheap flight
- correct
- ye
- uh yes
- let's do it
- yeah
- uh yes
- um yes
- yes knocking
- that's correct
- yes yes
- right
- yea
- yes
- yes right
- yes and i dont care
- right on
- i love that

## intent:ask_baggage
- What about my baggage?
- Is baggage transferred?
- Shall I pick up my baggage?
- What happens to my checked baggage?
- Will my luggage be automatically transferred?
- Will I have to collect my baggage?
- Does my baggage go all the way through to my final destination?
- what about my baggage?
- Shall i pick up my baggage?
- baggage?
- and my luggage?
- okay super, but what about my luggage?
- what about my luggage?
- what will you do with my baggage???
- what should i do with my baggage?

## intent:ask_hotel
- I am tired I want to sleep
- search a hotel for me
- hotel near me
- search a hotel near me
- find me a hotel please
- can you find me a hotel
- i need a hotel please
- can you find a hotel


## intent:ask_restaurant
- restaurants
- can i be shown a gluten free restaurant
- i want a french restaurant
- i'm looking for a Chinese restaurant
- I need a new restaurant
- help me find restaurant
- I'm gonna need help finding a restaurant
- Hey help me find a restaurant
- How can you help me find a restaurant.
- Where is the restaurant
- Show me how to find a restaurant
- I need to find this restaurant
- Help me with finding this restaurant
- Hey, can you help me with locating this restaurant.
- Find me a place to eat
- Can you recommend a restaurant open right now
- What's the closest restaurant open near me
- I am hungry, find me some place to go
- Suggest me a good restaurant around
- Show me the closest open restaurant
- What's a good place to eat nearby
- Recommend me a restaurant around here.
- Pick a restaurant for me, please
- Help me find a restaurant
- Can you find a restaurant for me?
- Find a restaurant for me?
- Would you find me a restaurant?
- Would you find a restaurant for me?
- Could you find me a restaurant?
- Could you find a restaurant for me?
- Could you find me a restaurant to eat at?
- Find a restaurant for me to eat at.
- Find me a restaurant where I can eat.
- Find a restaurant for me where I can eat.
- I need a restaurant.
- Can you find me a restaurant?
- Where should I eat?
- Find me a place to eat

## intent:change_destination
- can you please book for me a new ticket
- I want to change my destination
- change my onward flight destination
- i want another destination
- london
- singapure
- frankfurt

## intent:chitchat
- can you share your boss with me?
- i want to get to know your owner
- i want to know the company which designed you
- i want to know the company which generated you
- i want to know the company which invented you
- i want to know who invented you
- May I ask who invented you?
- please tell me the company who created you
- please tell me who created you
- tell me more about your creators
- tell me more about your founders
- Ahoy matey how are you?
- are you alright
- are you having a good day
- Are you ok?
- are you okay
- Do you feel good?
- how are things going
- how are things with you?
- How are things?
- how are you
- how are you doing
- how are you doing this morning
- how are you feeling
- how are you today
- How are you?
- How is the weather today?
- What's the weather like?
- How is the weather?
- What is the weather at your place?
- Do you have good weather?
- Is it raining?
- What's it like out there?
- Is it hot or cold?
- Beautiful day, isn't it?
- What's the weather forecast?
- Is it quite breezy outside?

## intent:deny
- no
- no new selection
- no thanks
- no thank you
- uh no
- breath no
- do you have something else
- no this does not work for me
- noooo

## intent:feedback_negativ
- Oh really?
- That’s terrible
- No!
- What???
- That’s awful
- How horrible!
- That sucks
- That’s bad
- I am very annoyed
- These are bad news
- ??????????????
- that’s a disaster!
- I am unhappy with it
- Oh really
- What???
- I am very annoyed
- that sucks
- oh no really?
- shit
- very bad
- oh really?

## intent:great
- Great!
- Perfect!
- That’s nice!
- Good choice!
- Got it!
- That’s great!
- Very good!
- Fantastic!
- Super!
- Awesome
- Nice
- Exactly
- Amazing
- correctly
- Perfect!
- Super!
- very good
- okay great
- super
- perfect
- super

## intent:greet
- Hello
- Hi
- Hey
- Good afternoon
- Good morning
- Good evening
- How are you?
- Salut
- Morning
- Howdy
- Greetings
- Holla
- Hi there
- How’s it going
- Yo
- Hey there
- Hello again
- Hey, what’s up
- Hi bot
- Hey bot
- Hi Sarah
- Hey Sarah
- hi again
- hi folks
- hi pal!
- hello everybody
- hello is anybody there
- hello robot
- hallo
- heeey
- hi hi
- hey hey
- hello there
- yo
- hola
- hi?
- hey bot!
- hello friend
- Hi
- Hello
- Hi Sarah
- okay Sarah!
- Greetings
- Hello

## intent:inform
- to [london](destination) please
- how bout [toronto](destination)
- what about [new york](destination) maybe
- uh how about [paris](destination)
- um [frankfurt](destination)
- im looking for a ticket to [moscow](destination)
- id like to [rome](destination)
- [London](destination)
- [Moscow](destination) as for now
- looking to fly to [new york](destination)
- book me to [new york](destination)
- put me on a plane to [madrid](destination)
- my travel will to [barcelona](destination)
- i have a meeting in [tunis](destination)
- i need to be in [larnaca](destination)
- in [economy](flightclass) please
- how bout [first](flightclass)
- what about [business](flightclass) maybe
- uh how about [economy](flightclass)
- um [Business](flightclass)
- im looking for a ticket in [Economy](flightclass)
- id like to travel in [economy](flightclass) only
- [First](flightclass) Class
- [first](flightclass)
- [Economy](flightclass) as for now
- looking to fly in [business](flightclass)
- book me in [economy](flightclass)
- book me to [first](flightclass) class
- my travel will in [economy](flightclass)
- i have a meeting in [tunis](destination)
- i need to be in [larnaca](destination)
- [tomrrow](departuredate) please
- how bout [Monday next week](departuredate)
- what about [in two weeks from now](departuredate) maybe
- uh how about [Tuesday](depaturedate)
- um [sunday this week](departuredate)
- im looking for a ticket on [wednesday](departuredate)
- id like to travel [ASAP](departuredate)
- [Today](departuredate)
- [this month](departuredate) please
- [day after tomorrow](departuredate) as for now
- looking to fly [friday](departuredate)
- [london](destination)
- [tomorrow](departuredate) please if possible
- in [business](flightclass)as usual

## intent:request_flightsearch
- im looking for a flight ticket
- i wnat to fly
- i want to fly
- Book me please
- Book for me
- can i get a flight to [london](destination)
- a flight in [business](flightclass)
- book me to [Tunis](destination) in [first](flightclass)
- id like to book
- i would like to book a ticket
- can you find me a nice ticket?
- can you put me on a plane to [larnaca](destination)
- fly me
- uh can i find a ticket to [madrid](destination)
- uh im looking to travel cheap to [moscow](destination)
- book me a ticket
- book me [tomorrow](departuredate) to [Moscow](destination)in [business](flightclass)please
- i want to fly to [paris](destination)in [economy](flightclass)as usual but this time [next monday](departuredate)
- i want to fly [tomorrow](departuredate)to [paris](destination)in [business](flightclass)
- book me to [toronto](destination)on [saturday](departuredate)in [first](flightclass)class
- i want to fly [today](departuredate)to [london](destination)in [business](flightclass)class please
- i want to fly [tomorrow](departuredate)to [london](destination)in [economy](flightclass)
- i want to fly t[omorrow ](departuredate:tomorrow)to l[ondon ](destination:london)in e[conomy](flightclass:economy)

## intent:select_flight
- /select_flight

## intent:select_hotel
- /select_hotel
- /select_hotel[{"selectedhotelid":"1"}](selectedhotelid:1)

## intent:select_login
- /select_login

## intent:select_lounge
- /select_lounge

## intent:select_restaurant
- /select_restaurant
- /select_restaurant[{"selectedrestaurantid":"1"}](selectedrestaurantid:1)

## intent:start
- /start
- /start

## intent:stop
- ok then you cant help me
- that was shit, you're not helping
- you can't help me
- you can't help me with what i need
- i guess you can't help me then
- ok i guess you can't help me
- that's not what i want
- ok, but that doesnt help me
- this is leading to nothing
- this conversation is not really helpful
- you cannot help me with what I want
- I think you cant help me
- hm i don't think you can do what i want
- stop
- stop go back
- do you get anything?
- and you call yourself bot company? pff
- and that's it?
- nothing else?

## intent:thankyou
- um thank you good bye
- okay cool uh good bye thank you
- okay thank you good bye
- you rock
- and thats all thank you and good bye
- thank you and good bye
- sorry about my mistakes thank you good bye
- noise thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye noise
- okay thank you goodbye
- uh thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye
- thank you goodbye noise thank you goodbye
- breath thank you goodbye
- thank you
- okay thank you
- thanks goodbye
- ah thank you goodbye
- thank you noise
- thank you good bye
- breath thank you very much goodbye
- thanks
- noise thank you goodbye
- unintelligible thank you goodbye
- uh okay thank you good bye
- thank you bye
- um okay thank you good bye
- um thank you good bye
- okay cool uh good bye thank you
- okay thank you good bye
- you rock
- and thats all thank you and good bye
- thank you and good bye
- sorry about my mistakes thank you good bye
- noise thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye noise
- okay thank you goodbye
- uh thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye
- thank you goodbye noise thank you goodbye
- breath thank you goodbye
- thank you
- okay thank you
- thanks goodbye
- ah thank you goodbye
- thank you noise
- thank you good bye
- breath thank you very much goodbye
- thanks
- noise thank you goodbye
- unintelligible thank you goodbye
- uh okay thank you good bye
- thank you bye
- um okay thank you good bye
- thanks
- thanks
- okay thank you
- okay thanks
- great, thanks
- okay thanks
- well done
- perfect thank you

## intent:upgrade
- I want to upgrade my onward flight
- upgrade?
- Is there any upgrade for my next flight?
- upgrade my flight
- upgrade my onward flight
- upgrade my connection flight
- possibilities to upgrade?

## synonym:2
- two

## synonym:3
- three

## synonym:4
- four

## synonym:Moscow
- oscow

## synonym:asian
- pan asian
- asian oriental

## synonym:business
- usiness

## synonym:economy
- conomy

## synonym:first
- irst

## synonym:gastropub
- gastro pub

## synonym:london
- ondon 
- ondon

## synonym:paris
- aris

## synonym:saturday
- aturday

## synonym:today
- oday

## synonym:tomorrow
- omorrow 
- omorrow

## synonym:toronto
- oronto

Commit message:

add action get delayed flights

examples/formbot/data/nlufou.md, after:

## intent:affirm
- yeah a cheap flight
- correct
- ye
- uh yes
- let's do it
- yeah
- uh yes
- um yes
- yes knocking
- that's correct
- yes yes
- right
- yea
- yes
- yes right
- yes and i dont care
- right on
- i love that

## intent:ask_baggage
- What about my baggage?
- Is baggage transferred?
- Shall I pick up my baggage?
- What happens to my checked baggage?
- Will my luggage be automatically transferred?
- Will I have to collect my baggage?
- Does my baggage go all the way through to my final destination?
- what about my baggage?
- Shall i pick up my baggage?
- baggage?
- and my luggage?
- okay super, but what about my luggage?
- what about my luggage?
- what will you do with my baggage???
- what should i do with my baggage?

## intent:ask_delayed_flights
- what are the delayed flights now
- what are the delayed flights today
- give me the list of delayed flights
- give me all delayed flights today
- give me please all delayed flights now
- the delayed flights please
- what flights delayed
- which floghts delayed today
- which flights delayed now
- i want to see the list of delayed flights
- i want to see the list of delayed flights please
- please the delayed flights for today
- delayed flights
- what are the delayed flights today
- delayed flights
- which flights are delayed today?
- delayed flights please
- delayed flights please

## intent:ask_hotel
- I am tired I want to sleep
- search a hotel for me
- hotel near me
- search a hotel near me
- find me a hotel please
- can you find me a hotel
- i need a hotel please
- can you find a hotel

## intent:ask_restaurant
- restaurants
- can i be shown a gluten free restaurant
- i want a french restaurant
- i'm looking for a Chinese restaurant
- I need a new restaurant
- help me find restaurant
- I'm gonna need help finding a restaurant
- Hey help me find a restaurant
- How can you help me find a restaurant.
- Where is the restaurant
- Show me how to find a restaurant
- I need to find this restaurant
- Help me with finding this restaurant
- Hey, can you help me with locating this restaurant.
- Find me a place to eat
- Can you recommend a restaurant open right now
- What's the closest restaurant open near me
- I am hungry, find me some place to go
- Suggest me a good restaurant around
- Show me the closest open restaurant
- What's a good place to eat nearby
- Recommend me a restaurant around here.
- Pick a restaurant for me, please
- Help me find a restaurant
- Can you find a restaurant for me?
- Find a restaurant for me?
- Would you find me a restaurant?
- Would you find a restaurant for me?
- Could you find me a restaurant?
- Could you find a restaurant for me?
- Could you find me a restaurant to eat at?
- Find a restaurant for me to eat at.
- Find me a restaurant where I can eat.
- Find a restaurant for me where I can eat.
- I need a restaurant.
- Can you find me a restaurant?
- Where should I eat?
- Find me a place to eat

## intent:change_destination
- can you please book for me a new ticket
- I want to change my destination
- change my onward flight destination
- i want another destination
- london
- singapure
- frankfurt

## intent:chitchat
- can you share your boss with me?
- i want to get to know your owner
- i want to know the company which designed you
- i want to know the company which generated you
- i want to know the company which invented you
- i want to know who invented you
- May I ask who invented you?
- please tell me the company who created you
- please tell me who created you
- tell me more about your creators
- tell me more about your founders
- Ahoy matey how are you?
- are you alright
- are you having a good day
- Are you ok?
- are you okay
- Do you feel good?
- how are things going
- how are things with you?
- How are things?
- how are you
- how are you doing
- how are you doing this morning
- how are you feeling
- how are you today
- How are you?
- How is the weather today?
- What's the weather like?
- How is the weather?
- What is the weather at your place?
- Do you have good weather?
- Is it raining?
- What's it like out there?
- Is it hot or cold?
- Beautiful day, isn't it?
- What's the weather forecast?
- Is it quite breezy outside?

## intent:deny
- no
- no new selection
- no thanks
- no thank you
- uh no
- breath no
- do you have something else
- no this does not work for me
- noooo

## intent:feedback_negativ
- Oh really?
- That’s terrible
- No!
- What???
- That’s awful
- How horrible!
- That sucks
- That’s bad
- I am very annoyed
- These are bad news
- ??????????????
- that’s a disaster!
- I am unhappy with it
- Oh really
- What???
- I am very annoyed
- that sucks
- oh no really?
- shit
- very bad
- oh really?

## intent:great
- Great!
- Perfect!
- That’s nice!
- Good choice!
- Got it!
- That’s great!
- Very good!
- Fantastic!
- Super!
- Awesome
- Nice
- Exactly
- Amazing
- correctly
- Perfect!
- Super!
- very good
- okay great
- super
- perfect
- super

## intent:greet
- Hello
- Hi
- Hey
- Good afternoon
- Good morning
- Good evening
- How are you?
- Salut
- Morning
- Howdy
- Greetings
- Holla
- Hi there
- How’s it going
- Yo
- Hey there
- Hello again
- Hey, what’s up
- Hi bot
- Hey bot
- Hi Sarah
- Hey Sarah
- hi again
- hi folks
- hi pal!
- hello everybody
- hello is anybody there
- hello robot
- hallo
- heeey
- hi hi
- hey hey
- hello there
- yo
- hola
- hi?
- hey bot!
- hello friend
- Hi
- Hello
- Hi Sarah
- okay Sarah!
- Greetings
- Hello

## intent:inform
- to [london](destination) please
- how bout [toronto](destination)
- what about [new york](destination) maybe
- uh how about [paris](destination)
- um [frankfurt](destination)
- im looking for a ticket to [moscow](destination)
- id like to [rome](destination)
- [London](destination)
- [Moscow](destination) as for now
- looking to fly to [new york](destination)
- book me to [new york](destination)
- put me on a plane to [madrid](destination)
- my travel will to [barcelona](destination)
- i have a meeting in [tunis](destination)
- i need to be in [larnaca](destination)
- in [economy](flightclass) please
- how bout [first](flightclass)
- what about [business](flightclass) maybe
- uh how about [economy](flightclass)
- um [Business](flightclass)
- im looking for a ticket in [Economy](flightclass)
- id like to travel in [economy](flightclass) only
- [First](flightclass) Class
- [first](flightclass)
- [Economy](flightclass) as for now
- looking to fly in [business](flightclass)
- book me in [economy](flightclass)
- book me to [first](flightclass) class
- my travel will in [economy](flightclass)
- i have a meeting in [tunis](destination)
- i need to be in [larnaca](destination)
- [tomrrow](departuredate) please
- how bout [Monday next week](departuredate)
- what about [in two weeks from now](departuredate) maybe
- uh how about [Tuesday](depaturedate)
- um [sunday this week](departuredate)
- im looking for a ticket on [wednesday](departuredate)
- id like to travel [ASAP](departuredate)
- [Today](departuredate)
- [this month](departuredate) please
- [day after tomorrow](departuredate) as for now
- looking to fly [friday](departuredate)
- [london](destination)
- [tomorrow](departuredate) please if possible
- in [business](flightclass)as usual

## intent:request_flightsearch
- im looking for a flight ticket
- i wnat to fly
- i want to fly
- Book me please
- Book for me
- can i get a flight to [london](destination)
- a flight in [business](flightclass)
- book me to [Tunis](destination) in [first](flightclass)
- id like to book
- i would like to book a ticket
- can you find me a nice ticket?
- can you put me on a plane to [larnaca](destination)
- fly me
- uh can i find a ticket to [madrid](destination)
- uh im looking to travel cheap to [moscow](destination)
- book me a ticket
- book me [tomorrow](departuredate) to [Moscow](destination)in [business](flightclass)please
- i want to fly to [paris](destination)in [economy](flightclass)as usual but this time [next monday](departuredate)
- i want to fly [tomorrow](departuredate)to [paris](destination)in [business](flightclass)
- book me to [toronto](destination)on [saturday](departuredate)in [first](flightclass)class
- i want to fly [today](departuredate)to [london](destination)in [business](flightclass)class please
- i want to fly [tomorrow](departuredate)to [london](destination)in [economy](flightclass)
- i want to fly t[omorrow ](departuredate:tomorrow)to l[ondon ](destination:london)in e[conomy](flightclass:economy)

## intent:select_flight
- /select_flight

# intent:give_voucher
- /give_voucher

## intent:select_hotel
- /select_hotel
- /select_hotel[{"selectedhotelid":"1"}](selectedhotelid:1)

## intent:select_login
- /select_login

## intent:select_lounge
- /select_lounge

## intent:select_restaurant
- /select_restaurant
- /select_restaurant[{"selectedrestaurantid":"1"}](selectedrestaurantid:1)

## intent:start
- /start
- /start

## intent:stop
- ok then you cant help me
- that was shit, you're not helping
- you can't help me
- you can't help me with what i need
- i guess you can't help me then
- ok i guess you can't help me
- that's not what i want
- ok, but that doesnt help me
- this is leading to nothing
- this conversation is not really helpful
- you cannot help me with what I want
- I think you cant help me
- hm i don't think you can do what i want
- stop
- stop go back
- do you get anything?
- and you call yourself bot company? pff
- and that's it?
- nothing else?

## intent:thankyou
- um thank you good bye
- okay cool uh good bye thank you
- okay thank you good bye
- you rock
- and thats all thank you and good bye
- thank you and good bye
- sorry about my mistakes thank you good bye
- noise thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye noise
- okay thank you goodbye
- uh thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye
- thank you goodbye noise thank you goodbye
- breath thank you goodbye
- thank you
- okay thank you
- thanks goodbye
- ah thank you goodbye
- thank you noise
- thank you good bye
- breath thank you very much goodbye
- thanks
- noise thank you goodbye
- unintelligible thank you goodbye
- uh okay thank you good bye
- thank you bye
- um okay thank you good bye
- um thank you good bye
- okay cool uh good bye thank you
- okay thank you good bye
- you rock
- and thats all thank you and good bye
- thank you and good bye
- sorry about my mistakes thank you good bye
- noise thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye noise
- okay thank you goodbye
- uh thank you good bye
- thank you goodbye
- thank you goodbye noise thank you goodbye
- breath thank you goodbye
- thank you
- okay thank you
- thanks goodbye
- ah thank you goodbye
- thank you noise
- thank you good bye
- breath thank you very much goodbye
- thanks
- noise thank you goodbye
- unintelligible thank you goodbye
- uh okay thank you good bye
- thank you bye
- um okay thank you good bye
- thanks
- thanks
- okay thank you
- okay thanks
- great, thanks
- okay thanks
- well done
- perfect thank you

## intent:upgrade
- I want to upgrade my onward flight
- upgrade?
- Is there any upgrade for my next flight?
- upgrade my flight
- upgrade my onward flight
- upgrade my connection flight
- possibilities to upgrade?

## synonym:1
- {"selectedhotelid":"1"}
- {"selectedrestaurantid":"1"}

## synonym:2
- two

## synonym:3
- three

## synonym:4
- four

## synonym:Moscow
- oscow

## synonym:asian
- pan asian
- asian oriental

## synonym:business
- usiness

## synonym:economy
- conomy

## synonym:first
- irst

## synonym:gastropub
- gastro pub

## synonym:london
- ondon 
- ondon

## synonym:paris
- aris

## synonym:saturday
- aturday

## synonym:today
- oday

## synonym:tomorrow
- omorrow 
- omorrow

## synonym:toronto
- oronto
